I would be a very bad teacher if I didn't tell you about adding comments to your JavaScript code. And
when I first started out, I was like "ag man, who needs comments?
You know, we'll will,
we're writing the code and
we will remember it."
And truth be told, you just can't.
The good thing about comments is that they remind you in three weeks time, in three months time, maybe
even in three years time, what you were trying to do at that specific time.
So it's vital that you include comments in your code, not only for you, but it also tells other people
what your code is meant to be doing and the more complex you get with your code, the more comments
you should make.
But don't panic.
You can write whatever comments you want because comments are not executed.
It does not form part of JavaScript's executable code.
Well, how do you write comments?
There are a few ways.
If you're just wanting a one line comment, you can just put those two forward slashes //. If you're wanting
a multiline comment
you put it in a forward slash and a star /*. Put all your text there, and then end with a star and forward slash */.
It's that simple.
What's an example of comments?
A practical example?
And how do we actually include it in the code?
Well, let's type it
in here, let's do it.
So let's say we are writing code about a dog.
Remember, the two forward-slashes are comments, so you can literally start typing.
This code relates to dogs and how
awesome they are.
And then you can write your real JavaScript code.
Well, instead of doing console.log, because I don't feel like opening the console, let's just go
document.write.
Simple.
Oh, I spelt it incorrectly. I was trying to figure out why it was not working. So there it is, there,
our text, that we've written.
And remember the other way? So this was totally ignored,
this comment.
So there you go, there you have it.
We can have comments that help us remember and tell others what our code is all about.
The other way you can write a comment, is
remember forward-slash and star?
My comments are on multiple lines.
And JavaScript will ignore that entire comment at the bottom.
Cool.
Let's continue.